# Git Practice
## [Scrum is dead: Breaking down the new open development method](https://opensource.com/business/15/11/open-development-method)

### Interesting Points

The open development method allows for developers to work indepedently across the world with many companies having workers from many different countries. Developers must ask key questions when writing codes to make sure the quality of the code is good in order to make working independently possible. This also allows developers to focus on coding good quality codes rather than spend time on documenting their work. Finally, it allows all developers to participate and discuss their thoughts since everyone has access to the whole project.

Personally, I disagree with the article title that open development method is taking over the scrum method we have learned in class. While I believe it is important for developers to be able to voice their opinions easily on the project, a good management of it is still necessary for the project to be organized. Additionally, the sprints made from the scrum method are essential to companies in order for their business to run on time and satisfy their customers. The open development method would allow too much leniency for developers to work in their own time and result in a chaotic working environment.

I also believe that scrum is important or some type of framework for software development is still necessary in addition to just working on open source projects, as this is not very maneagble, organized, and time efficient. -Andrew Huang

This article caught my eye as the title is a bit clickbait-y. Although I don't agree that Scrum is dead, I do feel like the current workflow for developers is starting to change as I see many teams opting for a different form of Agile and even mixing Agile and the Open Development method. I think the biggest change that will cause Scrum to phase out is the new influx of remote jobs. I don't think the Open Development method will be as widespread as Scrum, but I think many teams will start mixing and matching with different workflows, trying to find what suits them best; as after COVID, many companies are working in different ways now, some are in-person, some are hybrid, and some are fully remote. I believe this post-COVID era necessitates a straying away from "one-true workflow" where many teams have to follow a single methodology or workflow. Instead, teams should do what suits them and their productivity best, whether its Scrum or the Open Development Method. -163dgm
